(DOCS-4276) Add tag pipelines to CCM (#16202)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/_index.md

| `is_aws_ec2_spot_instance`   | Whether the usage is associated with a Spot Instance.|
| `is_aws_ec2_savings_plan`    | Whether the usage is associated with a Savings Plan.|

## Tag Pipelines (Beta)

> You can leverage tag pipelines to create tag rules in order to 1) help fix missing or incorrect tags on your AWS bill or 2) to create new, inferred tags that align with business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use tag pipelines to create tag rules to help fix missing or incorrect tags on your AWS bill, or to create new, inferred tags that align with business logic.
```

> There are 2 types of rules supported 1) Create new tag, and 2) Alias existing tag keys. You can keep your rules organized, by leveraging rules-sets, which act as folders for your rules. The rules are executed in order (from top to bottom), to keep the execution order deterministic. You can move rules and rulesets to ensure the order of execution matches your business logic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of rules supported: **Create new tag**, and **Alias existing tag keys**. You can keep your rules organized by leveraging rules-sets, which act as folders for your rules. The rules are executed in order (from top to bottom), to keep the execution order deterministic. You can organize rules and rulesets to ensure the order of execution matches your business logic. 
```

> ### Rule Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rule types
```

> **Create new tag** - This allows you to create a new tag (key + value) based on the presence of existing tags. For example, yu can create a rule to tag all resources that are part of team A, B or C, and also run application 1, with a new cost-center:bits tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create new tag** - This allows you to create a new tag (key + value) based on the presence of existing tags. For example, you can create a rule to tag all resources that are part of team A, B, or C, and also run a specified application, with a new `cost-center:webstore` tag.
```

> **Alias existing tag keys** - This allows you to use values from an existing tag, to map to a more standardized tag key. For example, if you’re looking to standardize across your organization to use the application tag key, but several teams have a variation of that tag (like app or web-app or apps), you can alias apps to application. Each alias tag rule allows you to alias a maximum of 25 tag keys to a new tag.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Alias existing tag keys** - This allows you to use values from an existing tag, to map to a more standardized tag key. For example, if you’re looking to standardize across your organization to use the `application` tag key, but several teams have a variation of that tag (like `app`, `web-app`, or `apps`), you can alias `apps` to `application`. Each alias tag rule allows you to alias a maximum of 25 tag keys to a new tag.   
```
